This video begins with Charlie Chaplin trying very hard to push the door of a cabin closed against a strong wind. Once he has shut the door, he runs to the other side of the cabin and picks up what seems to be a large leg of meat. He starts gnawing on it as if he were starving. As he is enjoying his meal, we see a large man in a fur jacket and hat trudging through the snow and wind to get to the cabin. As the man busts into the cabin, Chaplin is surprised. The man stumbles in, huffing and puffing and resting against a table in the center of the cabin. Chaplin approaches him warily, still holding the meat bone. All of a sudden, the man grabs the meat. He starts devouring it, even as Chaplin is still trying to hold onto it. Chaplin lets go of the meat, worried about his hand being bitten. As Chaplin watches the man devouring the meat, the man shoots him a scary look and he backs off, assuring the man he is no threat. Then we see that a third man is seeking shelter in the cabin. This man is dressed in a long fur coat and hat. As he enters the cabin, it appears that he is the owner. Seeing Chaplin and the other man, he starts shouting at them to leave while pointing in the direction of the door. The man eating the meat does not react at all and Chaplin tries to reason with him. As the owner is yelling at them, the words appear on the screen saying, “Get out the pair of you”. When they don’t respond, the owner of the cabin goes over to a closet, takes out a shotgun, and fires a shot into the air to get the their attention. We see text on the screen quoting the man with the shotgun saying, “There’s another bullet left, so beat it!” This action angers the second man who finally puts down the leg of meat. He runs toward the owner and starts wrestling him for the shotgun. As the two large men wrestle over the shotgun, there is a comical sort of dance as Chaplin tries to steer clear of the barrel of the gun. He’s backed into a corner of the cabin, climbing over and crawling under furniture, scrambling around the cabin to avoid being shot. But no matter where Chaplin is, the shotgun is always pointed at him. All of a sudden, a shot is fired. The second man manages to grab the shotgun and pushes the owner to the ground. In the meantime, Chaplin assumes that he has been shot. He checks himself and realizes that he is fine. The owner is on the ground and the second man leans back on the table holding the shotgun. We see text on the screen saying, “I’ll stay right here!” He looks over to Chaplin and repeats that they will both stay right there. This makes Chaplin feel brave enough to echo this sentiment, and he lets the owner know that they will be staying put. The man who won the struggle for the shotgun gives Chaplin a disapproving look. Chaplin retreats, giggles and sits down behind him. Chaplin then gives him back the leg of meat, which the man resumes eating, while Chaplin lets the owner know to stay put because they are a team.