So you want to update your exterior but don't have the budget for a full makeover. Here are some easy and affordable ideas to boost your home's curb appeal. Start by hiding the unsightly things around your house, like the hose. Hanging it up is a simple way to make it more accessible and attractive. Fixed features like an air conditioning unit don't have to stick out like a sore thumb. Hide them by building a basic screen with a few pieces of lumber. It's easy to tailor the height, the width, and the look. For an even faster fix, use pre-made panels of fencing to create a screen you can just set in place. If you ever change your mind, this project is even removable, which is great for renters. Now let's move on to the front of your home. Showcase your windows with shutters. They're surprisingly easy and affordable to build. These are just basic boards joined together and hung on the house. Whether you build them from scratch or buy them pre-made, shutters provide a real finished feel with styles to suit any home. Want another way to wake up your windows? Add some extra trim to really complete their look. Trim out a pair or more, to provide more presence. Trim isn't just for windows either. You can also add trim to your door; bulk it up, or add embellishments to really make it pop. Next is a surprisingly dramatic improvement. Stone veneer, easily added to columns, posts, foundations, or stairs. Stone veneer isn't just for the pros anymore. The specially designed pieces are easy to mount with screws or adhesive, bringing the high-end look of stone to any DIYer. Almost any home looks more welcoming with window boxes filled with flowers. You can keep them simple or make them more decorative and you can build your own or buy them pre-made. While you're into improving, don't forget to give a little love to your garage. Think of your basic door as a blank canvas. Try painting a pattern, adding some hardware or using a kit to create the look of carriage windows. They're all easy ideas that are much less expensive than a whole new door. Any of these ideas is going to make a big difference when it comes to improving your home's exterior. So try one, or try them all, and take your home from a basic before, to an awesome after.