Time now for StoryCorps. Five years ago, demonstrators made their way to the Ferguson, Missouri Police Department, to protest the shooting of a black teenager named Michael Brown. A local photographer captured a moment when the lives of two strangers became entwined. The photo shows a young African American man. His face is twisted in anguish, tears running down his cheeks. Next to him, an older Latina reaches up to comfort him, resting her hand on his shoulder. The picture would go on to win a Pulitzer Prize. Those two strangers, Jamell Spann, now 26, and Elizabeth Vega, 52 came to StoryCorps to remember that pivotal moment and the friendship that grew from it. Elizabeth says, “We're on the sidewalk, and the police were advancing on us in full riot gear. I remember tears streaming down your face, fists clenched as you were naming off all the people that had been beaten by the police that you knew. It was a raw, real moment, and I just put my hand on your chest. I don't know why I did that, but that just felt like the right and human thing to do. What did you think when you saw the photo?” Jamell answers, “I said I ain't like it because I feel like what everybody perceived was this vulnerable black guy. Where I come from, that shouldn't be taken as vulnerable. That was warrior spirit to have love and righteous anger that is in your body and your soul, awakened in you, and that feeling has lasted for five years. For a lot of black men that grow up in St. Louis, we watch each other die a lot. I didn't know Mike Brown, but I knew how it felt to watch somebody die, you know what I'm saying? There is no one person that I feel like anyone can talk to, to truly understand what happened in those initial nights, and how it feels as people who still live here in this city.” Then Elizabeth says, “I don't know if you know this, but you changed my life that day.” Jamell says, “I'd definitely say our relationship and what you did changed me. That calling that we couldn't explain that drove us to each other. I didn't want to feel like I needed help.” Elizabeth asks, “And now?” and Jamell answers, “I appreciate it because I see that without it, a family or a village isn't sustainable. There needs to be more than just swords and shields. You need blankets and hugs, too.”