Our conversation about schools and guns continues this morning with this week's Story Corps. We have a mother talking with her son about the active shooter drills in his fifth grade classroom. Desmond Floyd is 10. He lives in Houston. He spoke with his mother, Tenay Bernard. Desmond asks his mother, “What emergency drills did you have as you were growing up in school?” She replies, “Fire drills and tornado drills, and that was it. So can you tell me exactly what happens in active shooter drills?” Desmond says, “The teacher's supposed to lock the door, turn the lights off, and push this big desk behind the door. And the first time I did a active shooter drill, I saw her having a hard time with this. So I decided to come help her because if she doesn't get the desk on the door in time, the intruder can open it.” Then his mother asks, “So what do you do next, after you push the table?” He answers, “The class is supposed to stand on the back wall, but I decided to stand in front of the class because I want to take the bullet and save my friends.” His mother asks, “So did your teacher ask you to stand in front of the class?” Desmond replies, “No. My life matters, but it's kind of like there is one person that can come home to a family, or there can be 22 people that come to home to a family.” She asks him, “Do you know why it's hard for me to accept that?” He answers, “Because I'm such a young age. I shouldn't really be giving my life up. Like you shouldn't have to worry about that.” Then his mother says, “Right. If there's any a time that I want you to be selfish, it's then. I need you to come home. So would you still stand in front of your friends, even with me telling you not to?” Desmond replies, “Yes. I get that you would want me to come home, but it's really not a choice that you can make. It's a choice that I have to make.” His mother says, “I see now that there's nothing that I can say that would change your mind. I just hope that it never comes to that.” Desmond says, “Talking about this makes me feel sad, but you raised a good person.” His mother replies, “And this is why I can't have the conversation with you. You keep saying things like that and I'm speechless. You are 10 and you're that 10 year old who doesn't clean their room, and there is no handbook for this. This is why the conversation always ends between you and I in dead silence, because I'm a mother and I don't know what to say.”